the relationships that I try and build with the people that I lead is
a close one I like them to have the feel that they can approach me and
talk to me open and honestly on whatever problems are having personally
or professionally and so I like to kind of establish that I am
a little more informal and the way that I do business with my support
inside I felt that that's what helped me out throughout the eighteen
years that I've been and throughout my career is a more informal
approach no one thing I like to say is like no don't be formal just
for formalities sake if it if it doesn't need to be there and it's
just you and I in a in a personal setting then we don't need to have
all that pomp and circumstance we're just trying to have like a heart
to heart conversation I think that can kind of build walls and you're
not necessarily going to get all the information that you need
from that individual when you're having those discussions so I like
to have a close working relationship with all the people that I work
with whether their subordinate peer or superior